A brief description of the game:

The game shall display a box with 2 rows of semispherical containers with 8
containers/BOWLS in each row. At the two ends of the box are big containers
each belonging to one of the players.

The game starts with all the BOWLS filled with a specific number of
"BEANS"(5 or 8 are the standard numbers used). The players' containers do not
have any BEAN at the start. The strategy of the game for the players is to
collect as many BEANS as possible. The players play the game in several rounds.
The game ends when one of the players do not have enough BEANS to fill atleast
one of the BOWLS. The two players are imagined to be sitting on either sides of
the game-box. The game progresses as follows:

For the purpose of description, lets assume that the rows are named as A and B.
The BOWLS in these rows can be numbered as A1 to A8 and B1 to B8 from Left to
Right for both the players. A simple demonstration can be as below

                O_/  Player A
                  \
          
   | A8 | A7 | A6 | A5 | A4 | A3 | A2 | A1 |

   | B1 | B2 | B3 | B4 | B5 | B6 | B7 | B8 |

                 O_/  Player B
                   \
                    

1. One of the player starts by picking all the BEANS in any of the BOWLS on
his side. The game will distribute the BEANS (1 BEAN to each container)
starting from the BOWL next to the picked BOWL. (for eg: if the player A picks
the BEANS from A2, A2 will be empty, 1 bean each is distributed to A3, A4, A5,
A6, A7, A8, B1, B2)

2. Then he picks up the BOWL next the BOWL he ended last (i.e B3
in our example). The distribution happens again in a similar way. 

3. The cycle continues for the first player until, his distribution ends before an empty
BOWL.

4. If the player encounters an empty BOWL after a distribution is complete, he
can end his turn with two possibilities:
   - if he encounters a single BOWL, he can pick up the BEANS from the filled up BOWL
     immediately next to the empty BOWL and transfer them to his container. He
     owns those BEANS.
   - If he encounters more than one empty BOWL, he doesn't get any BEAN for
     this turn

5. The second player continues again by picking any of the BOWLS on his side.

Bonus:
The players can decide on a magic number (minimum is 3). After a player
completes his turn, if there are are BOWLS on his side containing the magic
number of BEANS (eg: 3 BEANS if the start was done with 5 BEANS in each BOWL), 
he can choose to pick the BEANS and place it in his container. 
He obviously has the choice to let the BOWL fill up in order to get
a bigger portion in his next turn. 

Note: 
- The players can start their turn only on his/her side of the board. 
- The players can pick bonus BOWLS only on his/her side of the board.
- The BOWLS on the opponent side cannot be touched.
- However, distribution of beans during the turn is done to all the BOWLS in
  sequence.

6. Once all the BEANS are emptied from the board, the players will use the
BEANS in their containers to fill up the BOWLS on his/her side of the board.
Each BOWL should have the fixed number of BEANS (eg: 5). If the player cannot
fill up some of the BOWLS with the fixed number of BEANS, these BOWLS are
crossed. The player cannot fill the bowl with less than the fixed number of
BEANS. The crossed bowls will be skipped during distribution. 

7. The sequence continues until one of the player does not have sufficient
BEANS to fill even one BOWL on his side. This player is said to LOSE. The other
player who has more BEANS in his container is the WINNER!!!

Note:
- Player can choose any of the BOWLS on his side when starting his turn
- The player's sense to correctly identify and choose the starting BOWL in
  every turn that can fetchh him maximum BEANS is the key to winning.

